[ServiceBus] add keyword override support to update_ methods in mgmt module (#18210)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/servicebus/azure-servicebus/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 7.2.0 (Unreleased)

**New Features**

* `ServiceBusAdministrationClient.update_*` methods now accept keyword arguments to override the properties specified in the model instance.

**Bug Fixes**

> * Fixed a bug that `update_queue` and `update_subscription` mutating the properties `forward_to` and `forward_dead_lettered_messages_to` of the model instance when those properties are entities instead of full paths.

Reviewer: small nit, wording:
```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where `update_queue` and `update_subscription` methods were mutating the properties `forward_to` and `forward_dead_lettered_messages_to` of the model instance when those properties are entities instead of full paths.
```

# Release History

## 7.2.0 (Unreleased)

**New Features**

* `ServiceBusAdministrationClient.update_*` methods now accept keyword arguments to override the properties specified in the model instance.

**Bug Fixes**

> * Fixed a bug where `update_queue` and `update_subscription` methods were mutating the properties `forward_to` and `forward_dead_lettered_messages_to` of
>   the model instance when those properties are entities instead of full paths.

Reviewer: sorry, super baby nit:
```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where `update_queue` and `update_subscription` methods were mutating the properties `forward_to` and `forward_dead_lettered_messages_to` of the model instance when those properties are entities instead of full paths.
```
